Add OffScreenCanvas context lost/restored events (#33159)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlcanvaselement/index.md

Listen to these events using {{DOMxRef("EventTarget.addEventListener", "addEventListener()")}} or by assigning an event listener to the `oneventname` property of this interface.

- [`contextlost`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLCanvasElement/contextlost_event) {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : Fired if the user agent detects that the backing storage associated with a `CanvasRenderingContext2D` context has been lost.

Author: ```suggestion
  - : Fired if the browser detects that the underlying system that provides resources for a `CanvasRenderingContext2D` context has been lost.
```

>   - : Fired if the browser detects that the underlying system that provides resources for a `CanvasRenderingContext2D` context, such as a GPU, has been lost.

Reviewer: Should we say something like this:

```suggestion
  - : Fired if the browser detects that the `CanvasRenderingContext2D` context has been lost, for example, if an associated GPU process crashed.
```

The GPU as "a system" may be up, but a process crashing is something else.

Author: Thanks! I like the restructure to start with the fact that the context has been lost, as after all, that's the point. But I don't like process crashed, because I'm not sure that's the same thing as GPU driver crashed. I'm going to split the difference. Here at the top level I'll just say "lost" and in the detail I'll add "if an associated GPU driver crashed."

```suggestion
  - : Fired if the browser detects that the `CanvasRenderingContext2D` context has been lost.
```

- [`contextrestored`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLCanvasElement/contextrestored_event) {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : Fired if the user agent successfully restores a `CanvasRenderingContext2D` context.

Author: ```suggestion
  - : Fired if the browser successfully restores the underlying system that provides resources for a `CanvasRenderingContext2D` context.
```

>   - : Fired if the browser successfully restores the underlying system that provides resources for a `CanvasRenderingContext2D` context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Fired if the browser successfully restores a `CanvasRenderingContext2D` context, for example, after a GPU process has crashed.
```

Author: ```suggestion
  - : Fired if the browser successfully restores a `CanvasRenderingContext2D` context
```
